!!
!! ~/.Xdefaults
!!

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!! rxvt-unicode !!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

urxvt*font: xft:Inconsolata Nerd Font:size=14:pixelsize=16:antialias=true
!urxvt*boldFont: xft:Inconsolata Nerd Font:size=14:pixelsize=16:antialias=true

urxvt*intensityStyles: true
urxvt*linespace: 0

urxvt*geometry: 100x30
urxvt*borderLess: false
urxvt*externalBorder: 0
urxvt*internalBorder: 0

urxvt*scrollBar: false

urxvt*cursorColor: #ffffff
urxvt*cursorColor2: #000000
urxvt*cursorBlink: false
urxvt*reverseVideo: false

urxvt*depth: 32
urxvt*background: rgba:0031/0032/0034/ddee

urxvt*pointerBlank: false
urxvt*inheritPixmap: false

urxvt*insecure: false
urxvt*termName: rxvt-unicode
urxvt*loginShell: true
urxvt*hold: false
urxvt*saveLines: 5000
urxvt*jumpScroll: true
urxvt*skipScroll: true
urxvt*scrollTtyOutput: false
urxvt*scrollWithBuffer: false
urxvt*scrollTtyKeypress: true
urxvt*mouseWheelScrollPage: false

urxvt*tripleclickwords: true
urxvt*cutchars: `'",;@&*=|?()<>[]{}
urxvt*pastableTabs: false
urxvt*mapAlert: false

urxvt*urgentOnBell: false
urxvt*visualBell: false
urxvt*utmpInhibit: false

!! Perl Extensions !!
urxvt*perl-ext-common: default,tabbed

URxvt.tabbed.tabbar-fg: 15 
URxvt.tabbed.tabbar-bg: 235 
URxvt.tabbed.tab-fg: 110
URxvt.tabbed.tab-bg: 235 
URxvt.tabbed*transparent:true

!URxvt.letterSpace: -1

